src/data_preprocessing/README.md, before:

# Audio preprocessing - spectrograms

The `audio_spectrograms.py` script can be used to convert raw audio files (with extensions such as: ".wav", ".m4a", etc.) into spectrograms, that can be directly used as input to the voice encoder neural network.
Spectrogram properties can be modified by changing script's input arguments. The default values are set to be the same as in [Speech2Face: Learning the Face Behind a Voice](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.09773) article.
You need to specify `--data-dir` and `--save-dir` arguments which tell where the audio files are located and where it should save spectrograms. Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the audio files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Saved spectrograms will have the same names as the original audio files, but they will be saved with `.npy` extension.

## Usage
```shell
python audio_spectrograms.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_spectrograms_will_be_saved>
```

# Images preprocessing - face embeddings

The `image_face_embeddings.py` script can be used to calculate embeddings for images of faces. Those embeddings are feature representation of faces (Voice encoder model will try to learn to generate such embeddings, basing on speech).
You need to specify `--data-dir` and `--save-dir` arguments which tell where the image files are located and where it should save face embeddings. Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the image files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Saved embeddings will have the same names as the original image files, but they will be saved with `.npy` extension.
You can choose backend i.e. model that will be used to generate embeddings. Currently, we support two backends:
- VGG-face model from https://github.com/serengil/deepface
- VGG-face (16) model from https://github.com/rcmalli/keras-vggface

You can choose them with `--backend` parameter. You also have to provide a path to the weights for the chosen model. We downloaded them from repositories listed above, and after converting them from Tensorflow to PyTorch, we saved them in the following directory `src/models/pytorch_weights`.

## Usage
```shell
python image_face_embeddings.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_embeddings_will_be_saved> --backend-weights <path_to_the_file_where_chosen_backend_weights_are_saved> --backend <name_of_the_chosen_backend>
```


# Images preprocessing - face landmarks

The `image_face_landmarks.py` script can be used to calculate face landmarks for images of faces. Script uses face_recognition package in order to do that. You need to specify `--data-dir` and `--save-dir` arguments which tell where the image files are located and where it should face landmarks. Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the image files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Saved landmarks will have the same names as the original images files with `_landmark` suffix, and `.npy` extension. Note that landmarks returned by face_recognition's function `face_landmarks` are converted to a one dimensional torch tensor with shape (144)

## Usage
```shell
python image_face_landmarks.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_embeddings_will_be_saved>
```

Commit message:

[Data preprocessing] script for resizing images

src/data_preprocessing/README.md, after:

# Audio preprocessing - spectrograms

The `audio_spectrograms.py` script can be used to convert raw audio files (with extensions such as: ".wav", ".m4a", etc.) into spectrograms, that can be directly used as input to the voice encoder neural network.
Spectrogram properties can be modified by changing script's input arguments. The default values are set to be the same as in [Speech2Face: Learning the Face Behind a Voice](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.09773) article.
You need to specify `--data-dir` and `--save-dir` arguments which tell where the audio files are located and where it should save spectrograms. Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the audio files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Saved spectrograms will have the same names as the original audio files, but they will be saved with `.npy` extension.

## Usage
```shell
python audio_spectrograms.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> \
                             --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_spectrograms_will_be_saved>
```

# Images preprocessing - face embeddings

The `image_face_embeddings.py` script can be used to calculate embeddings for images of faces. Those embeddings are feature representation of faces (Voice encoder model will try to learn to generate such embeddings, basing on speech).
You need to specify `--data-dir` and `--save-dir` arguments which tell where the image files are located and where it should save face embeddings. Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the image files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Saved embeddings will have the same names as the original image files, but they will be saved with `.npy` extension.
You can choose backend i.e. model that will be used to generate embeddings. Currently, we support two backends:
- VGG-face model from https://github.com/serengil/deepface
- VGG-face (16) model from https://github.com/rcmalli/keras-vggface

You can choose them with `--backend` parameter. You also have to provide a path to the weights for the chosen model. We downloaded them from repositories listed above, and after converting them from Tensorflow to PyTorch, we saved them in the following directory `src/models/pytorch_weights`.

## Usage
```shell
python image_face_embeddings.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> \
                                --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_embeddings_will_be_saved> \
                                --backend-weights <path_to_the_file_where_chosen_backend_weights_are_saved> \
                                --backend <name_of_the_chosen_backend>
```


# Images preprocessing - face landmarks

The `image_face_landmarks.py` script can be used to calculate face landmarks for images of faces. Script uses face_recognition package in order to do that. You need to specify `--data-dir` and `--save-dir` arguments which tell where the image files are located and where it should face landmarks. Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the image files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Saved landmarks will have the same names as the original images files with `_landmark` suffix, and `.npy` extension. Note that landmarks returned by face_recognition's function `face_landmarks` are converted to a one dimensional torch tensor with shape (144)

## Usage
```shell
python image_face_landmarks.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> \
                               --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_landmarks_will_be_saved>
```


# Images preprocessing - resizing image

The `resize_images.py` script can be used to resize images to a size required by FaceDecoder model (224x224). Resizing images is optional, because every script checks whether images have appropriate sizes and resize them if necessary (scripts like FaceDecoder training, calculating image embeddings and image landmarks). Script is adjusted to traverse nested directories, so you don't have to put all of the image files in the same directory. The script will recreate the nested structure of the directories in `--save-dir` directory. Resized images will have the same name and extension as the original images.

## Usage
```shell
# --data-dir can be equal to --save-dir, in that case original images will be overwritten
python resize_images.py --data-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_data_is_stored> \
                        --save-dir <path_to_the_directory_where_resized_images_will_be_saved>
```
